As long as you nod
I would like to marry you as my wife
Excuse me.
I have no interest in women
That's what I heard
There are princesses from at least dozens of countries
And widow daughter
To marry a emperor
They were all rejected by the First Emperor
Legends like One Emperor
We'll just take a look.
Go home, everyone
Your parents should be worried
Hello mom jean
That's good news. That's good news.
What good news?
Come back quickly
You're back and I'm telling you great news
Okay, I'm back.
Mom
Jane, you are back.
OK
You said it would be great. Of course I have to come back.
What's the good news, mom?
Remember when we were hunted down by your second uncle
Did your dad have a comrade who saved us? Remember
I've been looking for him. What's the news?
I saw him on the news today
He is actually the richest man in our Dragon Kingdom
Richest man in Dragon Kingdom
Shen Longshan is right
I really didn't expect the richest man in the Dragon Kingdom to be so low-key
He never shows up.
This time it was his daughter who was kidnapped by a terrorist organization
He's just been on TV.
Jane, weren't you in the war department?
Do you have any ability to help Miss Shen?
Since it is our savior
I will do my best to repay them.
Our mother and son belong to others
You have to repay
I went to meet the richest man in God